Add Jenkins Infra implementation notes to README (#1380)
jenkins-infra/jenkins-infra: README.md

repository for the [Jenkins](https://jenkins.io) project's own
infrastructure.

## Structure

See the [Jenkins infrastructure project](https://jenkins.io/projects/infrastructure/) for overview of the project's infrastructure and the services being managed by this repository.

> Full list of services is available [here](https://jenkins.io/projects/infrastructure/#services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A non exhaustive list of services is available [here](https://jenkins.io/projects/infrastructure/#services).
```

### Implementation notes

* The services are managed [r10k](https://github.com/adrienthebo/r10k) and Puppet,
  configuration files are available inside this repository.
* There are multiple types of service deployments:

>   * The majority of services run as containers inside Kubernetes, and it is a precondition for new services.

Author: I should lkely add a reference to https://github.com/jenkins-infra/charts , CC @halkeye

Author: ```suggestion
  * The majority of services run as containers inside Kubernetes, and it is a precondition for new services.
    There is ongoing work on [Jenkins Infra Helm charts](https://github.com/jenkins-infra/charts) which are expected to replace puppet deployments in the future.
```
